Add "centered grid" example (#142)
thumbtack/thumbprint: www/src/pages/components/grid/react/index.mdx

</Grid>
```

### Centered grid

> Though this design pattern is often built using the Grid component, it is more easily solved by using Atomic classes: `mw7 center tc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Grid` component should not be used for centered single-column grids. This can be built with [Atomic classes](https://thumbprint.design/atomic/): `mw7 center tc`.
```
The "often built using the Grid component" isn't really true since the React component doesn't support it.
